Volto Hands-on Intro updates (#452)
plone/training: voltohandson/intro.rst

* create-volto-app
* Plone!

> This training assumes that you have already taken (either in person at the 2018 Tokyo Plone Conference or online) the existing React and Volto trainings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This training assumes that you have already taken (either in person at the a Plone Conference or online) the existing React and Volto trainings.
```
